so what do you do to hold a bird hold on
tight and don't be scared that's right
okay so today on today's deep dive here
is smarter every day we're going to
learn about bird flight when I went to
Peru and shot high-speed video I learned
a whole lot about how wings work so I
got some birds and we're going to study
via playlist how bird wings work so I'm
going to put a link in the description
you can click it at any time and start
this playlist I'm going to show you
videos from all over YouTube that
explain how bird wings work okay you
ready to let yours go all right one two
three go very good so the cool thing
about this playlist is that you can pass
it on to friends and they can learn
exactly how these things work for
instance these feathers interlock in a
very specific way so when the bird
downstrokes he's capturing all the air
but on the upstroke his wings actually
unlock also I'll tell you why this top
feather is shorter than the others it's
pretty cool
are you ready alright here you go hold
on tight and don't what be scared all
right let me go JC let it go fine
alright so today take the deep dive with
us click on the link on the top of the
video description start this playlist if
you're not in a good position to take
the deep dive right now and it's chill
out and wait till you get home wait till
is a better time yeah you're gonna get
back in go ahead you can take the deep
end so what I've done today is I have
brought all kinds of reports along with
me on the boat and my son here is gonna
you gonna pull me yeah yeah you just
pull the boat for me okay you just you
just swim that direction where do they
click to take the deep dive up there up
where up in the sky where point to it in
this guy right here right here right
here no okay up there
okay that's where you click to go start
the deep dive alright thank you yeah she
can get back in
and second you can do it you're doing
great
you doing great Monte hop into what is
just everybody just jump in yeah he's
doing good Oh